README.md, before:

# SkillCraft Technology Website

A modern, responsive website for SkillCraft Technology, an educational and internship services company based in Mumbai.

![SkillCraft Technology](assets/images/logo.png)

## 🚀 Features

- **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive layout that works seamlessly across all devices
- **Modern UI/UX**: Clean and professional design with smooth animations
- **Mobile-First Approach**: Optimized for mobile devices with a user-friendly hamburger menu
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading times with optimized images and assets
- **SEO Ready**: Implemented with best SEO practices
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliant with proper semantic HTML

## 📱 Pages

1. **Home Page**
   - Hero section with call-to-action
   - Featured services
   - Company highlights

2. **About Page**
   - Company overview
   - Mission and vision
   - Core values

3. **Services Page**
   - Educational services
   - Training programs
   - Professional development

4. **Internships Page**
   - Available internship programs
   - Application process
   - Success stories

5. **Contact Page**
   - Contact form
   - Location information
   - Social media links

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- Font Awesome Icons
- Google Fonts
- Modern CSS Features:
  - Flexbox
  - Grid
  - CSS Variables
  - Media Queries
  - Animations

## 🎨 Color Scheme

- Primary Color: `#0066cc`
- Secondary Color: `#001f4d`
- Accent Color: `#ff6b6b`
- Text Color: `#333333`
- Light Gray: `#f5f5f5`

## 📦 Project Structure

```
skillcraft-technology/
├── index.html
├── about.html
├── services.html
├── internships.html
├── contact.html
├── css/
│   └── style.css
├── js/
│   └── main.js
├── assets/
│   ├── images/
│   └── icons/
└── README.md
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/skillcraft-technology.git
```

2. Open the project folder:
```bash
cd skillcraft-technology
```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser or use a local server:
```bash
# Using Python
python -m http.server 8000

# Using Node.js
npx serve
```

## 📱 Mobile Responsiveness

- Breakpoints:
  - Mobile: < 768px
  - Tablet: 768px - 1024px
  - Desktop: > 1024px
- Mobile-first approach
- Touch-friendly navigation
- Optimized images for different screen sizes

## ✨ Key Features

- **Navigation**:
  - Responsive hamburger menu
  - Smooth scroll behavior
  - Active page indication

- **Animations**:
  - Fade-in effects
  - Smooth transitions
  - Hover effects

- **Performance**:
  - Optimized images
  - Minified CSS
  - Efficient code structure

## 🔍 SEO Implementation

- Meta tags optimization
- Semantic HTML structure
- Proper heading hierarchy
- Alt text for images
- Sitemap implementation
- Mobile-friendly design

## 🌐 Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Opera (latest)

## 🛠️ Development

To modify the website:

1. CSS changes:
   - Edit `style.css` in the css folder
   - Follow the existing naming conventions
   - Use CSS variables for consistency

2. Content changes:
   - Update the respective HTML files
   - Maintain the semantic structure
   - Follow accessibility guidelines

3. Image optimization:
   - Compress new images
   - Use appropriate formats (WebP when possible)
   - Include proper alt text

## 📝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👥 Contact

SkillCraft Technology - [contact@skillcraft.tech](mailto:contact@skillcraft.tech)

Project Link: https://github.com/PrathamsinhParmar/SCT_WD_01.git

---
Made with ❤️ by SkillCraft Technology Team

Commit message:

Adding Favicon On The Website

README.md, after:

# SkillCraft Technology Website

A modern, responsive website for SkillCraft Technology, an educational and internship services company based in Mumbai.

![SkillCraft Technology](assets/images/logo.png)

## 🚀 Features

- **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive layout that works seamlessly across all devices
- **Modern UI/UX**: Clean and professional design with smooth animations
- **Mobile-First Approach**: Optimized for mobile devices with a user-friendly hamburger menu
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading times with optimized images and assets
- **SEO Ready**: Implemented with best SEO practices
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliant with proper semantic HTML
- **Brand Identity**: Custom favicon and logo for consistent branding

## 📱 Pages

1. **Home Page**
   - Hero section with call-to-action
   - Featured services
   - Company highlights

2. **About Page**
   - Company overview
   - Mission and vision
   - Core values

3. **Services Page**
   - Educational services
   - Training programs
   - Professional development

4. **Internships Page**
   - Available internship programs
   - Application process
   - Success stories

5. **Contact Page**
   - Contact form
   - Location information
   - Social media links

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- Font Awesome Icons
- Google Fonts
- Modern CSS Features:
  - Flexbox
  - Grid
  - CSS Variables
  - Media Queries
  - Animations

## 🎨 Color Scheme

- Primary Color: `#0066cc`
- Secondary Color: `#001f4d`
- Accent Color: `#ff6b6b`
- Text Color: `#333333`
- Light Gray: `#f5f5f5`

## 📦 Project Structure

```
skillcraft-technology/
├── index.html
├── about.html
├── services.html
├── internships.html
├── contact.html
├── css/
│   └── style.css
├── js/
│   └── main.js
├── assets/
│   ├── images/
│   │   └── logo.png
│   └── icons/
│       └── favicon.png
└── README.md
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/skillcraft-technology.git
```

2. Open the project folder:
```bash
cd skillcraft-technology
```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser or use a local server:
```bash
# Using Python
python -m http.server 8000

# Using Node.js
npx serve
```

## 📱 Mobile Responsiveness

- Breakpoints:
  - Mobile: < 768px
  - Tablet: 768px - 1024px
  - Desktop: > 1024px
- Mobile-first approach
- Touch-friendly navigation
- Optimized images for different screen sizes

## ✨ Key Features

- **Navigation**:
  - Responsive hamburger menu
  - Smooth scroll behavior
  - Active page indication

- **Animations**:
  - Fade-in effects
  - Smooth transitions
  - Hover effects

- **Performance**:
  - Optimized images
  - Minified CSS
  - Efficient code structure

## 🔍 SEO Implementation

- Meta tags optimization
- Semantic HTML structure
- Proper heading hierarchy
- Alt text for images
- Sitemap implementation
- Mobile-friendly design

## 🌐 Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)
- Opera (latest)

## 🛠️ Development

To modify the website:

1. CSS changes:
   - Edit `style.css` in the css folder
   - Follow the existing naming conventions
   - Use CSS variables for consistency

2. Content changes:
   - Update the respective HTML files
   - Maintain the semantic structure
   - Follow accessibility guidelines

3. Image optimization:
   - Compress new images
   - Use appropriate formats (WebP when possible)
   - Include proper alt text

## 📝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👥 Contact

SkillCraft Technology - [contact@skillcraft.tech](mailto:contact@skillcraft.tech)

Project Link: https://github.com/PrathamsinhParmar/SCT_WD_01.git

---
Made with ❤️ by SkillCraft Technology Team
